
Video No 52
-> Attributes
Attributes allow you to add declarative information to your programs.
This information can then be queried at runtime using reflection
[obsolete] class which inherit from system.attribute class
is used to show the compilation warning And makes the types 
and Types members outdated

Severak predefined attributes provided by .NET . It is also possible
to create your own custome Attribnuted.

i) Obsolete: makes the types 
and Types members outdated
ii) WebMethod: To expose a method as an XML Web services method
iii) Serializable: Indicate a class can be serialized.

It is possible to cutomize the attribute using parametrs.

---------------------------------------------------------------------
----------Video No 53 
Reflection:

Reflection is the ability of inspecting an assemblies' metadata at runtime. 
It is used to find all types in an assembly and/or dynamically invoke methods in an assembly.
Uses of reflection:
﻿﻿﻿When you drag and drop a button on a win forms or an asp.net application.
The properties window uses reflection to show all the properties of the Button class. 
So, reflection is extensively used by IDE or a Ul designers.

﻿﻿﻿Late binding can be achieved byusing reflection. You can use reflection to dynamically 
create an instance of a type, about which,woon't have any information at compile time.
So, reflection enables you to use code that is not available at compile time.

﻿﻿﻿Consider an example where we have two alternate implementations of an interface. 
You want to allow the user to pick one or the other using a config file. 
With reflection, you can simply read the name of the class whose implementation 
you want to use from the configfile, and instantiate an instance of that class.
This is another example for late binding using reflection.

late Binding: creating an instance of a class at runtime rather than 
at compile time
Reflection has a special type.class which is present in namespace.

In .Net every Type is directly and indirectly inherit from system.object
And system.object defines four methods(
i) getTye,ii) gethashcode , iii) equal iV) to string 
And all types in .Net  will have them in output of method reflaction.

-----------------------------------------------------------
-> Video No 55
Early Binding: At compile Time we have the information about the class  
and we create the instance of that class.


late binding is slower than early binding. Because it load
the an external assembly, resolve the type, create an instance
at runtime.

1. Early Binding can flag errors at compile time. While late
binding there is a rsik of run time exception.
2. Early Binding is much better for performance and should 
always be preferreed over late binding. Use Late Binding only
when working with an objects that are not available at compile time.

